hey guys figured I'd do another video
here just to show you the achievements
on modern warfare 3 you've already beat
the game so just figure I'll show them
hopefully Activision doesn't get all
pissed off on me showing this but to me
this is part of my xbox dashboard not
part of their game but anyhow here we go
let us pretty much let you look at them
most of them are just for in campaign
mode you know beating it on veteran I
thing can see the points associated with
it I've already got all these so you can
obviously pause the video if you want to
read any of these anymore and then we'll
go over the ones I don't have yet
they're pretty pretty simple are just I
didn't bother I was going to go back and
do it on easy just to get the last few I
really lost you so okay let's look at
these first and then we'll go to the
other ones so we'll go here what I don't
have yet pretty simple easy enough i've
already got 21 of them so there's 46
total so there's that one 446 once again
i'll just go ahead and do that uneasy
that shouldn't be a problem same thing
shouldn't be too big of a problem all
these because it will be a checkpoints I
just didn't really care while I was
doing it at the time secret achievement
I don't know what this one is yet I'm
going to assume it will be first level
prestige I don't really know it doesn't
have any gamer points associated with it
so it's probably going to be a gamer
picture I could be wrong that's just my
hunch
and that one I'm not really sure how
easy that one's going to be I guess just
carefully done these you won't be able
to get till you level up in spec ops
because the the unlocks become available
as you level up so you'll have to get
pretty high up I'm like level 18 or
actually think I'm into 20s on spec ops
now so there's three different boxes
that you can go to 12 weapon armory ones
and air support armory and one's an
equipment armory that one is going to be
a little tricky cuz I was trying to do
that and like I couldn't get past like
20,000 before I need it to buy shit but
I'm sure I'll figure it out that should
be fairly simple I can get to level 15
on the no problems so I just haven't
done it on all the maps yet and that one
will be tricky because as you unlock
levels they are harder like the first
four levels are easy next one's get next
set of four get a little harder and a
little harder and a little hard and so
on and that one I'm going to have to
obviously try that is and like that
campaign spec ops it's not in the one
that I like the other one but whatever
and forty-eight stars that will be all
of them so that means doing them all in
veteran it's going to be a tricky one
that obviously will be easy and so for
total right now I've got 29 or 50
achievements there's my phone ringing on
520 gamer points all right guys
you